README.md, before:

# Alphabet Heroes
A game created for Ludum Dare 55 - a family affair.

[Play on itch.io](https://nbumgardner.itch.io/ludum-dare-55-heroes-of-keys-kingdoms)

## Credits
Team members include:

- Noah Bumgardner: Programming & Music
- Sam Bumgardner: Programming & Design
- Tom Bumgardner: Artwork

### Attributions
Open source resources used:

- [ENABLE](https://norvig.com/ngrams/enable1.txt) word list from the public domain.
- [Godot Sound Manager](https://github.com/nathanhoad/godot_sound_manager) plugin by Nathan Hoad.
- [Roboto](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto) font by Christian Robertson.
- [Roboto Mono](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto+Mono) font by Christian Robertson.

Coded using the [Godot](https://godotengine.org/) game engine.

The original game jam version, tagged as `ld55-submission` and [hosted on itch.io](https://nbumgardner.itch.io/ludum-dare-55-heroes-of-keys-kingdoms), runs on Godot version 4.2.
The latest stable `main` code branch runs on Godot version 4.4.

Commit message:

Standardize Readme: Name, Play, How Run, Credits

README.md, after:

# Alphabet Heroes
A game originally created for the Ludum Dare 55 game jam in 72 hours. A family affair.

## Play the Game
[Play on itch.io](https://nbumgardner.itch.io/ludum-dare-55-heroes-of-keys-kingdoms)

In a world threatened by Skeletons, Giant Rats, and Evil Castles, only you can unite the forces of good in _Heroes of Keys & Kingdoms_!

## How to Run Project Locally
To run the project locally:

1. Open the project with the Godot editor.
2. Click the play button (shortcut F5) in the top-right corner.

## Credits
Team members include:

- Noah Bumgardner: Programming & Music
- Sam Bumgardner: Programming & Design
- Tom Bumgardner: Artwork

### Attributions
Open source resources used:

- [ENABLE](https://norvig.com/ngrams/enable1.txt) word list from the public domain.
- [Godot Sound Manager](https://github.com/nathanhoad/godot_sound_manager) plugin by Nathan Hoad.
- [Roboto](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto) font by Christian Robertson.
- [Roboto Mono](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto+Mono) font by Christian Robertson.

Coded using the [Godot](https://godotengine.org/) game engine.

The original game jam version, tagged as `ld55-submission` and [hosted on itch.io](https://nbumgardner.itch.io/ludum-dare-55-heroes-of-keys-kingdoms), runs on Godot version 4.2.
The latest stable `main` code branch runs on Godot version 4.4.

### License
This game's code is open-source under the MIT License.
Please ask the original artists before using any art or audio assets in a different context.
